hi everyone I'm Jenny with Shomi cute it
is time to go back to school for my kids
this week and so part of going back to
school is getting new school supplies
and new backpacks and all of those
things and every year we have fun doing
this together
and I wanted to share with you what our
theme was this year and what kind of
things that we did DIY to add cuteness
to our school supplies so for my
youngest daughter our inspiration all
started from the backpack and these
pencils we found these adorable
shabby-chic pencils at michaels in their
dollar section that they have a whole
eye of Isle of all different
cute cute things and there's lots of
inspiration on that Isle next we found
this adorable backpack at Target but I
also saw a darker denim polka dot
backpack at Aeropostale this week so
check out there this was only 29 dollars
so that's on the cheaper end of
backpacks it's denim and it's super
adorbs Hearst came though without any of
the stuff on it and so she wanted to add
a little bit of a personal touch to it
so we added this little lace trim that
we got I cut out one of these flowers
and put it up here with a little gem and
then we found these little items all of
these came from Hobby Lobby but you can
find them at random hobby stores or
sewing craft stores things like that
just look for what spells you or what
speaks to you and what kinds of things
that you like to add to your backpack we
also made I know this is hard for some
of you or you guys may not be able to do
this but a long time ago
I bought a hand button maker and so we
made some buttons to match all of her
things as well but you can find buttons
that work for you or one of our things
that you want to add to your backpack so
from there we wanted all of her
notebooks and her other things to match
as much as possible and so I have some
scrapbook paper that matched all of this
so we got this binder and we just added
the sleeve of scrapbook paper in here as
you can see that was really easy for see
if I can get that back in there we just
cut that to fit and then on the
notebooks that's going to be something
that I'm going to show you really
briefly after I finish talking about all
this is that you can make custom
notebooks yourself so again we use
scrapbook paper and I much dit to her
notebooks we found these notebooks at
Target
actually that was upside down they were
by the Sharpie Sharpie has yes I know
sharpie I said that word sharpies make
me so excited I just love sharpies
anyway they have a whole display this
year at Walmart and at Target where you
can get just these plain notebooks and
you can draw your own thing on the
sharpies but these were a nice brown
cardboard that matched our theme because
we have Browns and real rustic look
going and so that really worked but you
can use any notebook to Mod Podge and
customize your notebook and then last we
got she had to have five folders
and so we picked folders that matched as
well there's so many different colors to
choose from so you can find something
that will match you and last but not
least she has to have everything labeled
and so in an older video from I think
two years ago I showed you guys how to
make your own custom labels all you need
to do is go to an office supply section
and get these Avery labels they come in
all different sizes you pick the size
that you want go to Avery comm and they
have all the tools that you need there
to customize them to yourself stick them
in your printer and you get cute knit so
from that website you will be able to
see that I took this image I saved it on
my computer from Google Images and
imported that into the Avery label maker
and put those names on there I got to be
I got to make them whatever color I
wanted it's very easy and simple to use
and you can do it too so let me move on
to showing you how to make your own
custom notebooks okay to make a
customized notebook I've just taken this
notebook I from Walmart is a 18 cent
notebook and I've already picked out a
piece of scrapbook paper I'm going to
simply take the notebook and open up the
cover and then I'm going to line it up
on two of the edges and and get it as
close to the spiral as I can and then
take a
our pencil whichever you're comfortable
with and you're going to just outline
I hope my pens working yes it is outline
the cover and outline those little
circles there as well I guess you
wouldn't have to outline these if you
don't need them to go in a binder but if
you need it to go in a binder you need
to punch out those holes so if you don't
have a paper cutter and then you can use
scissors but I have a paper cutter so
I'm just going to take my paper cutter
and cut it along those lines and we have
our cover just like that
woah so cute okay then I'm going to take
my paper punch and I'm just going to
line it up with right there where I
trace those holes and I'm going to punch
those
if you don't have a hole-punch you could
always take a pencil and just poke it
through as well and then the last step
to all of this which is very very easy
you just open it up like this because
you don't want to get your Mod Podge all
over your notebook so you just take your
Mod Podge and a brush and you're just
going to take it and generously but not
not too thick not too thin just right
apply your Mod Podge then line it up on
the corners and on your holes and press
that down
you're going to want to let that dry
completely which doesn't take long about
fifteen minutes fifteen to thirty
minutes and then after that's dry apply
another coat of Mod Podge to seal it and
give you a nice protection to your
notebook on top as well so when you're
finished with that eye it kind of made
my cover a little wavy so I stuck it
down like this and put something heavy
on top and let it smooth it right back
out until it was completely dry easy
peasy
and very very cute thank you guys for
watching hopefully got some great ideas
for your back-to-school supplies this
year and thank you thank you thank you
guys for coming out to VidCon and
Disneyland last week
and saying hello it was really fun to
meet you guys and see all of your cute
faces stay tuned next week trevor has
something he wants to share and teach
you guys that should be really fun and
entertaining and don't forget to follow
us on Pinterest Instagram Facebook
Twitter and don't forget to subscribe
thanks for watching bye
you